Wait, you wanna use Dive Mode?
Then Hermit's heart is located in--
[Witch] Planet Digitalis.
[guide] Welcome.
Please begin by creating your avatar.
-It's me, Weisz.
-It is I, Pino!
You're not actually gonna go to Crysta?
No matter how dangerous it is,
we're saving her.
Nothing beats the rush of hunting players.
[Shiki] You're pure evil.
And I'm gonna stop you!
[cackling]
["FOREVER" by L'ArcenCiel playing]
THE GIRL ON THE HILL
The body just disappeared.
So, do you think
he was able to log out then?
There's no way because he'd already died.
And death in this world
means dying in the real world.
[crazed laugh]
Looks like silly ole' me
strung him up a bit too high.
Shame, I wanted
to watch him fall into despair.
Better luck next time, I suppose.
[crackling]
You bastard.
[grunts]
[snickers] If you're thinking
about fighting me,
I would take just a second to reconsider.
Magimech Attack!
I hope you're hungry, Maria!
[roars]
-[gasps]
-Look at his scythe!
Cower in despair.
[roars]
-It turned into a monster!?
-[gasps]
[cries in pain]
-Shiki, no!
-He killed him?!
Master Shiki!
[groans]
What a jerk!
That black thing ate my hair!
[munching]
[Jamilov] You'll have to forgive her.
Maria eats everything.
Ready for the main course, my dear?
[roaring]
-[gasp]
-Gigantification confirmed!
-[roars]
-[screaming]
-[crash]
-Aah!
[crash]
[intense music playing]
[yelp]
-[rumbling]
-[gasp]
Whew!
[intense music continues]
[yelling]
[loud crash]
[Jamilov] I just remembered
that I had plans today.
[gasps]
[Jamilov] It's a pain, but I'm afraid
it's far too important for me to miss.
You see, I've personally been
summoned by Drakken Joe. [laughs]
We'll resume our little
play date another time.
[slurps]
And it seems like Maria has already
taken a liking to the taste of your fear.
[Jamilov cackling]
[crazed laughter]
[Shiki] Do you think that means
this Drakken Joe guy's here, too?
I don't think so, it seemed like he was
meeting up with him in the real world.
I guess he logged out after all.
That guy's a real weirdo.
Either way this should not change that
our primary objective is to find Hermit.
I just hope that we find her
before he gets back.
The sooner we can leave Digitalis,
the better.
-[footsteps]
-Huh?
[Pino] Survivors confirmed.
[Happy] Are they townspeople?
Are any of you kids hurt over there?
You have our thanks
for chasing off that jerk.
You saved us, brave heroes.
[Shiki] I dunno about that,
he kinda just up and left on his own.
There must be some way
that we can repay you!
We're, uh,
looking for a girl named Hermit.
[Weisz]
We'd appreciate any help finding her.
[female NPC] Oh, you mean the quiet girl
who's always around the hill?
-[Rebecca] What hill would that be?
-[male NPC] The one west of this town.
-[NPC 1] Thank you!
-[NPC 2] Be careful!
Please travel safely, brave heroes!
There's a huge monster out there
called a Shinobi Troll,
who stole our town's treasure
and lives in a cave inside that hill!
Luckily, I was able to escape
before getting killed myself.
Think it's the same one?
[Shiki] Over there!
That's got to be her!
You think she's been staring off
into space like that the whole time?
It's certainly not the first time
from what everyone told us.
You are?
Oh.
My name's Shiki!
And we're trying to find Mother
in the Edens Zero!
That is a rather abrupt summary.
The Edens Zero…
[Rebecca] And that's why
we came here looking for you.
[Hermit] I see,
so Witch and Sister are there, too.
[Happy] And some guy called Moscoy.
[Hermit] The machine, you mean.
What about Valkyrie?
You can bet we're looking.
Right, Homura?
What?
Remember? She said she was going
to go check out the city and left.
[sighs]
She really shouldn't be
going off on her own.
Anyway!
Hermit, I'm glad we finally found you.
-Are you ready to go?
-No.
Huh?
[delicate music playing]
Why?
It's simple.
I just like being here.
And it's completely my choice.
[Rebecca] But this whole planet
is just one big virtual space.
Even so, that isn't an issue.
[Pino] We already went through the trouble
of moving your body to the Edens Zero.
I don't recall asking you to move me.
Please, place my body back on Iron Hill.
[gasps]
-We can talk more on the Edens Zero!
-Get off me!
[Hermit] I know you.
You're the human child
Ziggy brought back with him.
Oh…
[Hermit] I'm sorry.
But I despise humans.
[exhaling]
[footsteps]
[man] What's with your avatar?
Talk about a waste of beauty.
[Homura]
I see you're as smooth as ever, Jesse.
How is the undercover
mission going, Sister?
[Homura] So far so good.
[chuckles]
Shiki doesn't suspect a thing from me.
-Well, now what do we do?
-[Rebecca] Well,
I had a gut feeling
she might not come with us.
Not to mention she was
pretty blunt about staying there.
Do you think something
might have happened to make her stay?
Beats me.
[Hermit] I'm sorry,
but I despise humans.
[exhales]
[Shiki] This the first time I met
a machine that said they hate humans.
[Rebecca] Sadly, it's not that unusual.
-[Shiki] But Happy likes humans.
-Yeah! That's cause they're the coolest!
-And Pino, too.
-Well of course I do, Master.
And Witch, and Sister, and Michael--
[Michael] Humans are the enemy.
[all] Humans are the enemy!
[gasps]
[sobbing]
[Weisz] Do you have to cry in public
every 20 minutes?!
Let's just say Shiki went through a lot
back on his home planet, y'know?
-[Weisz] Listen up.
-Hmm?
I wasn't certain before, now I'm positive.
[Rebecca] What's gotten into you?
[twanging sounds]
Having giant tits kinda sucks.
My back is killing me.
Yeah, you're preaching to the choir.
[gasps]
What you humans would call a heart
has been severely damaged.
Her heart?
Hmm.
You know what? I'm gonna go see Hermit--
-[bell rings]
-Huh?
[bell continues ringing]
[Rebecca]
A bell ringing this late at night?
You think something happened?
I can hear a commotion outside.
[ringing]
[footsteps advancing hurriedly]
[panting]
What's happening? [gasps]
[gasps]
[dramatic music builds]
[growling]
[chittering]
[intense music playing]
What are those things?!
I don't want to stick around and find out.
We're heavily outnumbered.
And they're all headed straight this way!
Unable to assess their threat level.
What the heck is going on?
I've never seen this event before.
We've got to get out of here!
I've never seen
so many monsters in all my life.
[horn echoing]
[loud thud]
[ominous music playing]
[continues blowing]
[splat]
[gasp]
Heed my words, citizens of Crysta.
I am Guiron,
leader of the Magical Beast Army,
ordered by Master Jamilov to lay waste
and conquer your pathetic city.
You mean that crazy psycho from earlier?
Yeah, I'm ready to logout now.
Are they even allowed
to do something like this?
Yeah, what he said!
[NPC 1] An event like this doesn't exist!
[NPC 2] Get out of here, jerk!
Seems my Master
is tired of killing you, NPCs,
because he reached out to us
to help finish slaughtering
the remainder of you, mindless cattle.
[excited yelling]
However,
we will capture the players alive,
as Master Jamilov
wishes to kill them himself.
Then we'll be taking
this town for ourselves!
[excited roars]
[intense music playing]
What's the point of doing
something like that?!
[Guiron] Ah well,
once we take over this city
and finish butchering all of you,
Master Jamilov plans on paying a visit
to kill all of us next!
He said he'd be killing us to farm EXP!
How wonderful is that?!
There is no greater pleasure than
sacrificing our lives for Master Jamilov!
[excited yelling]
[roaring]
[distant chanting]
Long live Master Jamilov!
[chanting and yelling continue]
[gasp]
This is batshit insane!
Don't let a single one leave here alive!
Take the city!
Slaughter the NPCs!
[crowd panicking, screaming]
They're here.
[Rebecca] There's too many of them.
We can't fight against this.
-[angry grunt]
-Master!
[grunts]
[grunting]
[screaming]
[yelling]
[screaming in pain]
[screaming]
[rumbling]
[Weisz] Go!
You got this, Gravity boy!
-I keep forgetting how strong Shiki is!
-[Happy gasps]
[yelps]
[Happy] They're heading to the hill
where Hermit is!
[grunts] I'll follow!
Stay and protect the city!
Are you out of your damn mind?!
I can't use my my Ether Gear here!
-[war cries]
-[rumbling]
[war cries continue in distance]
What does he expect me to do here?
[Rebecca] Happy!
[thrilling music plays]
I guess it's up to us to do it!
Okay!
We've got the Happy Blasters on our side.
And Homura is here too!
But primarily, we'll be relying on Homura.
[silence]
[Rebecca] Where is she?!
[Weisz] What?
She was next to me a second ago!
And I thought I was the shameless coward.
She's worse than I am!
[beep]
[guide] Private chat mode online.
[Homura] Jesse, you okay?
I guess so.
I'm here talking to you now, aren't I?
What's with the sudden call?
There's been some unforeseen trouble.
[Homura] I want to finish the job fast.
[Jesse] Jamilov, was it?
Yeah. Find me his location.
He'll be in the western forest.
[Homura] You have my thanks.
You ditching Shiki and the others?
[chuckles]
They're not bad people, it's just
that they've served their purpose.
How cold.
[bats chittering]
[screeching]
I can think of worse ways to die.
Like being killed by humans.
[sighs]
Good night.
[twinkle]
[rumbling]
-[blast]
-[Shiki] I made it!
[gasps]
Yo.
[growls]
[somber music playing]
Huh?
[giggles]
[Jamilov] You're that boy from yesterday.
Surprised you found me.
Shouldn't you be with your friends?
Crysta should be overrun by now. [giggles]
I've got to admit you have some guts
coming here all alone, child.
Did you or did you not mention
that you work alongside Drakken Joe?
[Jamilov] Eh?
I'm here because I want to work with you,
if you'll have me.
I assure you I'll do anything.
[Shiki] Man, that was close.
[chittering]
[Shiki] These guys aren't letting up!
Magimech Attack Gravity Cannon!
[rapid gunfire]
-[screams]
-Gravity Tackle!
-That was Ziggy's power.
-[Shiki] Yup!
Grandpa taught me before he broke down.
[Hermit] How did you steal it?
[Shiki] I didn't steal anything!
He taught me.
[Hermit] I don't trust humans.
Can you put me down, please?
[Shiki] You know,
not all humans are bad guys, Hermit.
But not all humans have a heart.
I'm sure some people can be like that.
But not everyone.
You were friends with Grandpa,
weren't you?
[chuckles]
Well, a friend of Grandpa's
is a friend of mine.
[Shiki] Anyway, we should probably
get back to the others.
-[rapid gunfire]
-[monsters screaming]
Die, die, die!
[screaming]
Damn it!
I wish I could use my Ether Gear!
Yeah, me too.
Normally I would be able to temporarily
disable these digital monsters
using my EMP ability, but I guess not.
Capture the players alive!
As for the NPC's, kill them!
[screeching]
[screaming]
-[man] Run!
-[yelps]
-[gasp]
-[wailing]
[battle cry]
[gasps]
[gasps] The cave monster.
-The Shinobi Troll!
-[screams]
[Shinobi Troll] Don't worry, my backstory
is that I'm the guardian of this town!
So I'll protect this city with my life!
[crowd cheering]
You, a mere mini-boss in this region,
would dare defy
our beloved Master Jamilov?
Wait a second, you're a mini boss, too!
You're just a side character
without a backstory!
Sucks… to… be… you!
[Shinobi Troll]
Guess the writers got bored with ya!
Shut the hell up!
That makes me self-conscious!
[squawk]
Shiki!
-[squawk]
-[grunts]
[Shiki] Watch Hermit for me!
[shriek]
You know what they say,
the bigger they are…
the harder they fall!
[crashing]
[Shinobi Troll] Everyone,
escape from the city while you can!
Mm-hmm! Thanks, Mister Shino!
Ooh.
Mister?
Yeah! You should always
use Mister for those you respect!
[chuckles]
No one's ever called me that before.
[Jamilov] No one is escaping the city.
[creaking]
[chuckling]
[scared yelps]
-There are monsters over here too!
-Jamilov the killer!
[grunts] Damn you!
Now fire.
[whooshing]
[crowd screaming]
[pained cry]
-[Shinobi Troll grunts]
-[whoosh]
-[laughs maniacally]
-[grunts]
Mister Shino!
[Jamilov] Die, die, die!
But I can't die.
Not when I have to protect… this…
Mister Shino, no!
…city.
-[thud]
-[shocked screams]
[crying]
Are you stupid?
Aim for the people, not the troll.
-Yes, sir!
-Allow me.
[girl continues crying]
[crying]
-[arrow shot]
-[grunts]
-Shiki!
-Master!
[grunts in pain]
[grunts]
What is he doing? That girl is just data.
[groans in pain]
[grunts]
My, my! I know you said that
you were willing to do whatever it takes
to arrange a meeting with Drakken Joe,
but I never imagined you offering
to kill your friends so nonchalantly.
[gasps]
[grunting]
These people aren't my friends.
[gasps]
Homura?
Why would you put yourself
in danger for an NPC?
[Shiki] She might just be data,
but she's alive!
[Homura] Those tears are merely
the game executing her program for fear.
[groans] Those tears are from the heart!
I don't understand.
Why is Homura helping someone like him?
I knew something was off about her!
[grunts] But why?
[Shiki] I thought we were friends, Homura.
So why?
I'm joining Drakken Joe from here on out.
[Pino] Unable to follow logic.
What about your search for Valkyrie?
You really believed all of that nonsense?
[growling] I trusted you.
[Homura]
This is your last chance to run away.
[monsters cheering]
[Homura] But if you choose
to stand in my way…
then you leave me with no choice.
[cries] Cut the crap
and shoot them already!
I wanna see some blood!
-Now open fire!
-[arrows whooshing]
There's too many of them!
[music sting]
Shiki!
[whooshing]
[Shiki] If I dodge it,
they'll hit the townspeople!
-[whoosh]
-[gasps]
[slashing]
[clang echoes]
[gasps]
What the hell is going on?
[Shiki] Homura.
[poignant music playing]
["" by Sayuri playing]
GREAT KAIJU SHIKI